# Redeemed Motherhood Website


## Goal
This repository has been set up as I learn to create a functioning website for "Redeemed Motherhood," the company belonging to my wife, Andrea.

## What is Redeemed Motherhood?
Redeemed Motherhood is the name of my wife's company where she teaches birth classes and early childcare classes. She mostly works with a local birth center. Due to COVID retrictions enacted previously in Florida, her birth center asked her to develop an online option. Andrea was able to make a video series which proved a great option when in-person classes were not allowed, and still continues to serve as a last resort for the birth center now. Even though they prefer clients meet in person, there are still outlier cases where they need a quick way for someone to take the classes without waiting for them to be scheduled. 

Now that the work of recording some videos is finished, the thought occurred to us that making an online, purchasable course may be a source of income. We are fortunate to have the birth center near us, but not all areas have this luxury, and we intend to sek out other birth centers and hospitals that may be willing to view her material, and allow it to count for any requirements they have for mothers at their respective locations.

Not to mention this will eventually become a primary part of my portfolio seeking employment as a developer.

Redeemed Motherhood got its name becuase of my wife's story. She had a difficult first birth in a hospital but was able to have a redemptive experience at the birth center where she is now affiliated--the whole story will eventually be on the website. Long story short, she is now passionate about sharing the knowledge she wishes she had for that first birth, and loves to share in the lives of soon-to-be mothers.


## Implementation

|Goal/Milestone | Description |
|---------------|-------------|
|Postgres|Set up tables and logic|
|Django|Set up paths, connect database|
|More Django|Set up user authentication|
|Front end|Use Bootstrap to style pages|

## Back end
Using Django and postgres, my first goal is to set up the backend for the site. It will be capable of tracking client information, knowing which clients are allowed to view which video pages, letting users create new accounts, and eventually be capable of automatically sending emails for appropriate events (user creation, successful course purchase, etc.)

### Features to keep in mind/add:
- Clients can create an account
- Clients can be given access to specific videos (automatically if they have purchased access)
- Invoices can be sent by owner to email address on file (and/or text)
- Invoices can be paid by clients (initially using Paypal, eventually using cards directly as well)

### Project status for Nucamp
The project was successfully deployed to AWS to graduate the back-end course. However, to ensure I didn't incur costs, it is currently taken down from there.

### Test
After trying a couple simple "pytest" versions of tests and the django tests built on that framework, I have decided to stick with the django tests. 

To run tests, simply run "python manage.py test" from the folder with "manage.py" to run all django tests. 

To actually see the site for yourself, run "python manage.py runserver" from the folder with "manage.py" to start it up. 

To test the current functionality, I used the built-in admin page to add information to the database for two videos which are available through YouTube.

Visiting "base_url/videos/index" where "base_url" is whatever domain AWS assigns should show a list of videos dynamically generated by a Django template using a for loop on all "Video" objects.

Then, clicking on a video in the list should link to base_url/videos/<primary_key_for_clicked_video>, and a basic display page will pop up with that video embedded.